WITNESS STATEMENT

Date: November 10, 2025
Time: 1:45 PM
Location: I-95 Northbound, Mile Marker 42, Baltimore County, MD
Incident: Two-vehicle rear-end collision

---

WITNESS INFORMATION

Name: Michael Johnson
Address: 555 Elm Street, Towson, MD 21204
Phone: (410) 555-9999
Email: mjohnson@email.com
Driver's License: J445-8899-1122-33 (MD)

---

STATEMENT

I, Michael Johnson, hereby provide the following statement regarding the motor vehicle accident I witnessed on November 10, 2025, at approximately 1:30 PM on I-95 Northbound near Mile Marker 42.

I was driving northbound on I-95 in the center lane. Traffic was heavy due to rush hour, and it was raining heavily. Visibility was reduced, and the road was very wet with standing water in some areas.

As we approached the MD-43 overpass, traffic began to slow for a red light. I noticed a silver Toyota Camry in the right lane ahead of me and slightly to my right. The Toyota came to a complete stop, as did I in the center lane. We were both stopped for several seconds waiting for the light to change.

I then saw a blue Honda Accord approaching from behind in the right lane. The Honda appeared to be traveling at normal highway speed and did not seem to be slowing down as quickly as it should have been. At the last moment, I heard the Honda's brakes squeal, but it was unable to stop in time.

The Honda struck the rear of the Toyota with significant force. I estimate the Honda was traveling approximately 15-20 mph at the moment of impact, based on the sound and the movement of the vehicles. The impact caused the Toyota to lurch forward about 2-3 feet but it did not strike any vehicle in front of it (there was adequate space).

Immediately after the collision, I turned on my hazard lights and pulled over to the right shoulder. I approached both vehicles to check on the drivers. The driver of the Toyota (later identified as John Smith) appeared shaken but stated he was okay, though he mentioned his neck hurt a little. The driver of the Honda (later identified as Jane Doe) was visibly upset and apologized repeatedly, stating she had looked down briefly and didn't see traffic had stopped.

I remained at the scene until Maryland State Police arrived (approximately 10 minutes later). I provided my contact information to both drivers and to Trooper Wilson (Badge #12345).

---

KEY OBSERVATIONS

1. The Toyota (victim vehicle) was completely stopped for several seconds before impact
2. The Honda (at-fault vehicle) did not appear to brake until the last moment
3. Road conditions were poor - heavy rain, wet pavement, reduced visibility
4. Traffic was heavy, typical rush hour conditions
5. The at-fault driver admitted to being distracted
6. No other vehicles were involved
7. Both drivers were wearing seatbelts
8. Airbags did not deploy in either vehicle
9. The Toyota had nowhere to go - it was boxed in by stopped traffic

---

DAMAGE OBSERVED

Toyota Camry (Victim):
- Significant rear bumper damage, appeared crushed
- Trunk lid appeared dented
- Rear tail lights damaged
- Vehicle was still drivable but driver chose to have it towed

Honda Accord (At-fault):
- Front bumper severely damaged
- Hood appeared buckled
- I noticed what appeared to be fluid leaking from under the front of the vehicle
- Right headlight was shattered

---

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I did not know either driver prior to this incident. I have no financial interest in the outcome of any claim or litigation related to this accident. I am providing this statement voluntarily and accurately to the best of my knowledge and recollection.

Weather at time of accident: Heavy rain, approximately 55°F
My vehicle: 2021 Subaru Outback, License MD-DEF5678
My insurance: Geico Policy #998877665

I am willing to provide additional testimony if required.

---

DECLARATION

I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Signature: Michael Johnson (electronic signature)
Date: November 10, 2025
Time: 1:45 PM

---

CONTACT INFORMATION

Primary Phone: (410) 555-9999
Alternate Phone: (410) 555-8888 (work)
Email: mjohnson@email.com
Preferred Contact Method: Phone (evenings after 6 PM)

---

STATEMENT PROVIDED TO:
- Maryland State Police, Trooper James Wilson, Badge #12345
- John Smith (victim driver)
- Available to insurance carriers upon request

Statement End
